gh-124502: Add PyUnicode_Equal() function (#124504)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/unicode.rst

   This function returns ``-1`` upon failure, so one should call
   :c:func:`PyErr_Occurred` to check for errors.

>    See also :c:func:`PyUnicode_Equal`.

Reviewer: Do you want to use the `.. seealso::` directive or do you prefer not to have a little box in the docs for this small mention?

.. c:function:: int PyUnicode_Equal(PyObject *a, PyObject *b)

   Test if two strings are equal:

   * Return ``1`` if *a* is equal to *b*.
   * Return ``0`` if *a* is not equal to *b*.

>    * Set a :exc:`TypeError` exception and return ``-1`` if *a* or *b* is not a
>      Python :class:`str` object.
> 
>    The function always succeed if *a* and *b* are Python :class:`str` objects.

Reviewer 2: I don't think we need to explicitly mention that `str` is a Python object, the reader should (hopefully) know that already :)
```suggestion
   * Set a :exc:`TypeError` exception and return ``-1`` if *a* or *b* is not a
     :class:`str` object.

   The function always succeeds if *a* and *b* are :class:`str` objects.
```
